WELCOME TO THE AI CD-ROM REVISION 3!

The AI CD-ROM is the original and most complete collection of files about
artificial intelligence and other advanced machine technologies available.
Unlike many other CD-ROMs that are around today, this one is not a disk
image of single Internet or BBS site or but a collection of files individually
gathered from all over the world, from many different Internet sites, public
and private research organizations, universities, BBS systems and individual
researchers.

On this new revision of the AI CD-ROM are over 4,000 archives containing more
than 40,000 individual files.  Many of the files that were on the revision 1
and revision 2 discs have been replaced with newer versions and there are
also many completely new files that have been added to this new revision.
A small number of files that were present on earlier revisions have been
removed either because they were time sensitive and no longer of any interest
or because of copyright conflicts or other legal reasons.  We have included
more OS/2 and Macintosh material in this revision due to user requests but
continue to add files for all platforms.

Getting started:

Getting things going with Macintosh is a little tricky because we are not able
to put native Macintosh files onto a standard ISO-9660 format disc.  We have
included all of the utilities you will need to get started in self-extracting
archive and put them on the disc in two different formats.  Before you can
start using the disc, you will need to install these utilities on your Mac.

We have converted the Utility archive into two different formats that are
transportable to non-Macintosh disks such as this CD-ROM.  To install them,
you will need to be able convert at least one of the two.  One is in a format
called BinHex 4.0 - the filename is MACUTILS.HQX - and the other file is in a
format called MacBinary - the filename is MACUTILS.BIN.  Fortunately there are
many Macintosh applications that can read and convert the formats back into
standard Mac files.  Probably one of the most common is Stuffit Deluxe.  Other
Mac applications that can translate one or both of these file formats include
most file format translator utilities such as MacLink Plus file exchange.

Here's what you need to do:

First, check to see if any of your existing Mac programs can translate a
MacBinary or BinHex file.

If none if your applications have the ability to read either MacBinary or
BinHex format files, don't give up!  If your Mac has a modem you can obtain
utilities to do the conversion on virtually any online service such as
Compuserve, Prodigy, America Online, Internet, and most Mac-oriented bulletin
board systems.  Network Cybernetics operates a BBS that you can reach at
214-258-1832 that has the utilities available for download as well.  Also,
you can probably find someone who has them at any Mac user group - or check
with the local Mac "power user" at your school or office.  If all else fails,
please give us a call at 214-650-2002 and we will try to help you out.

Once you have a utility that can convert one of the two formats (the files are
identical, so you only need to be able to convert one of them - you don't need
to convert them both!), convert the file and place the resulting
self-extracting archive on your Macs hard disk.  Extract the contents of this
archive and the result will be a folder called "AI CD-ROM Utilities".

If you've gotten this far, the hard part is over.  You should see a file in
the new folder entitled "READ ME 1st!".  Double click on this and it will
have further help for getting you started exploring the AI CD-ROM.
